and:                           &
information:                   info
limousine:                     limo
maximum:                       max
minimum:                       min
as soon as possible:           ASAP
tomorrow:                      tmrw
it is:                         it's
do not:                        don't
cannot:                        can't
you will:                      you'll
will not:                      won't
by the way:                    btw
january:                       Jan.
february:                      Feb.
march:                         Mar.
april:                         Apr.
august:                        Aug.
september:                     Sep.
october:                       Oct.
november:                      Nov.
december:                      Dec.
we are:                        we're
are not:                       aren't
is not:                        isn't
i am:                          i'm
who is:                        who's
who has:                       who's
they are:                      they're
let us:                        let's
would have:                    whould've
also known as:                 AKA
oh my god:                     omg
laughing out loud:             LOL
right now:                     RN
wait:                          w8
estimated time of arrival:     ETA
ammunition:                    ammo
introduction:                  intro
laboratory:                    lab
christmas:                     Xmas
boulevard:                     blvd
avenue:                        ave
street:                        st
be right back:                 brb
late:                          l8
doctor:                        Dr.
professor:                     prof
adjective:                     adj.
adjectival:                    adj.
adverb:                        adv.
adverbial:                     adv.
document:                      Doc
documents:                     Docs
edition:                       ed.
especially:                    esp
family:                        Fam
language:                      lang
noun:                          n.
objective:                     obj.
original:                      orig.
person:                        pers.
persons:                       pers.
monday:                        Mon
tuesday:                       Tue
wednesday:                     Wed
thursday:                      Thur
friday:                        Fri
saturday:                      Sat
sunday:                        Sun
dollar:                        $
dollars:                       $
second:                        sec
seconds:                       sec
minute:                        min
minutes:                       min
hour:                          hr
hours:                         hrs
year:                          yr
years:                         yrs
girlfriend:                    GF
boyfriend:                     BF
thank you:                     ty
thanks:                        thx
you:                           u
seriously:                     srsly
